/***********************************************************************
* ASAMIN --- MATLAB Gateway to Lester Ingber's Adaptive Simulated
* Annealing (ASA) Software
* 
* Copyright (c) 1999-2008 Shinichi Sakata.  All Rights Reserved.
***********************************************************************/
/* $Id: LICENSE,v 1.39 2011/02/18 16:49:47 ssakata Exp $ */

Redistribution and use of asamin in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met:

			CONDITIONS

1. Redistributions of the asamin source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions, and the following
disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must contain the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

3. All modifications to the source code must be clearly marked as
such.  Binary redistributions based on modified source code must be
clearly marked as modified versions in the documentation and/or other
materials provided with the distribution.

4. Notice must be given of the location of the availability of the
unmodified current source code, e.g.,

	 http://www.econ.ubc.ca/ssakata/public_html/software
				   
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
distribution.

5. All advertising and published materials mentioning features or use
of this software must display the following acknowledgment: "This
product includes software developed by Shinichi Sakata."

6. The name of Shinichi Sakata may not be used to endorse or promote
products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission.

			DISCLAIMER

This software is provided by Shinichi Sakata and contributors "as is"
and any expressed or implied warranties, including, but not limited
to, the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a
particular purpose are disclaimed.  In no event shall Shinichi Sakata
or contributors be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental,
special, exemplary, or consequential damages (including, but not
limited to, procurement of substitute goods or services; loss of use,
data, or profits; or business interruption) however caused and on any
theory of liability, whether in contract, strict liability, or tort
(including negligence or otherwise) arising in any way out of the use
of this software, even if advised of the possibility of such damage.

